# MultiThreadingSearchProj-6
A multi-threaded C program that solves a word-puzzle.

 ## Set-Up

The goal is to ﬁnd and print out all occurrences of meaningful English words with a certain length in a given string of two billion characters long randomly generated by the C program in “randomgen.c” ﬁle.  In order to test a given word and ﬁnd out whether it is meaningful or not, a spell-checking must performed by doing a binary search over the alphabetically sorted list of all English words with their correct spellings. The list is given in the ﬁle “dict.txt”.
 ## Command Line Arguments
- ***-len list:*** gets a list of integers (separated by comma only l 1, l 2, . . . , l k) which specify the                                 lengths of meaningful words that the program must ﬁnd within the random string. If                                 the option is not used, the default list is [8, 9].

- ***-nthreads n:*** gets the number of puzzle-solving threads (n). The program must distribute the load of ﬁnding meaningful words (almost) evenlyamong all threads. The default value of n is one.

- ***-verbose:*** makes the program to announce once a thread is created, once a thread is joined, and print the total run time in seconds (including all steps of the program).

- ***-time:*** calculates and prints out the total time spent on binary search only. To do this calculation, your program must share a totalBinarySearchTime long integer shared among all threads with proper mutual exclusion mechanism in place.

- ***-sorted:*** sorts the list of found words before printing out. **(NOT DONE)**

- ***-distinct:*** eliminates duplicate values from the output list of meaningful words. **(NOT DONE)**
***

